New auth model docs (#1620)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/tutorial/07-auth.md

## Creating a User Entity

> Since Wasp manages authentication, it will create [the auth related entities](/docs/auth/entities) for us. However, we still need to add the `User` entity that will help us keep track of which user owns which tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Wasp manages authentication, it will create [the auth related entities](/docs/auth/entities) for us in the background, that we don't have to worry about. However, we still need to add the `User` entity that will help us keep track of which user owns which tasks.
```

```

<img alt="Database demonstration - password hashing"
src={useBaseUrl('img/wasp_user_in_db.gif')}
style={{ border: "1px solid black" }}
/>

You'll notice that we now have a `User` entity in the database alongside the `Task` entity.

However, you will notice that if you try logging in as different users and creating some tasks, all users share the same tasks. That's because we haven't yet updated the queries and actions to have per-user tasks. Let's do that next.

> <small>

Author: The auth entities are not relevant for the tutorial, but they will see them, so I thought it's best to address their existence.

> You'll notice some extra entities like `Auth` and `AuthIdentity` that Wasp created for us. You don't need to care about these right now, but if you are curious, you can read more about them [here](/docs/auth/entities).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might notice some extra Prisma models like `Auth` and `AuthIdentity` that Wasp created for us. You don't need to care about these right now, but if you are curious, you can read more about them [here](/docs/auth/entities).
```

Reviewer: I wrote this comment because these aren't entities really -> they are prisma models, but they are not "Wasp entities". Right? Or wait, are they, we did do some entities injecting in the generator hm? In that case disregard this, but you can still put "might".
Btw how would they notice these? Only if they inspected the DB, right?

Author: Yep, they'll notice them when inspecting the DB with Prisma studio :D
